Add info on management for Shelly Valve (#21266)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/shelly.markdown

- Reboot
  - triggers the reboot

## Shelly Thermostatic Radiator Valve (TRV)

Shelly TRV generates 2 entities that can be used to control the device behavior: `climate` and `number`.

> The first will allow to specify a temperature, the second instead a percentage of the valve position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first will allow specifying a temperature, the second instead of a percentage of the valve position.
```

**Note**: that if you change the valve position then automatic temperature control
 will be disabled.

> As soon as you change teh temperature, it gets enabled again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as you change the temperature, it gets enabled again.
```
